Cloud Tutorial for changing Domain to Discovery Server (#98)
eProsima/vulcanexus: docs/rst/tutorials/cloud/change_domain_discovery_server/change_domain_discovery_server.rst

..     This file can be used in :code:`ddsrouter` command with :code:`--config-path` argument.

.. literalinclude:: /resources/tutorials/cloud/change_domain_to_ds/change_domain_client.yaml
    :language: yaml

This configuration defines 2 different *Router Participants*, internal "interfaces" for the |rosrouter|.
One Participant is created in Domain Id 0, while the other will connect as a client to the already running *Discovery Server*.
Topics, Data Types, Quality of Services and order of messages will be respected when redirecting the data.

Running ROS 2 Router
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Now, run the |rosrouter| with the configuration file created as an argument.

.. code-block:: bash

    ddsrouter --config-path <path/to/file>/change_domain_client.yaml

At this point you should see some information like the one shown below.
This indicates that the |rosrouter| has started correctly and it is currently running.

.. code-block:: bash

    Starting DDS Router Tool execution.
    DDS Router running.

In order to close the execution, just press ^C or send a signal (:code:`SIGINT 2` or :code:`SIGTERM 15`) to close it.

> Deploy ROS 2 Router as Discovery Server

Author: @juanlofer-eprosima ?

> Deploy ROS 2 Router as Discovery Server

Reviewer: I like @rsanchez15's suggestion, maybe add clarification: "Alternative deployment: configuring ROS 2 Router as Discovery Server's server"

This mechanism can be configured by the user.

.. _tutorials_router_change_domain_to_discovery_server_simple_discovery:

Simple Discovery
""""""""""""""""

This mechanism is the standard behavior of DDS and it uses multicast capabilities so every Node discovers any other node in the network and all its *Endpoints*.
This is the mechanism used by default in ROS 2.
Nodes can be isolated by using different *Domain Ids*.
Please, check the following :ref:`tutorial <tutorials_router_change_domain>` to know how to communicate ROS 2 Nodes in different *Domain Ids*.

.. _tutorials_router_change_domain_to_discovery_server_discovery_server:

Discovery Server
""""""""""""""""

Some networks do not support multicast, or are so big that discovering the whole network implies high amount of time.
In this cases, a new *Discovery Mechanism* specific of |fastdds| can be used, called **Discovery Server Discovery Mechanism**.
This mechanisms uses a *Server* or network of *Servers* that centralize the discovery traffic and distributes it to only the required entities, while the communication still occurs *Peer to Peer*.

> In order to know more about *Discovery Server*, please refer to `Fast DDS Documentation <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/discovery/discovery_server.html>`__ or check :ref:`this tutorial <internal ref>` about how to configure and use *Discovery Server*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to know more about *Discovery Server*, please refer to `Fast DDS Documentation <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/discovery/discovery_server.html>`__ or check :doc:`this tutorial <../../../../ros2_documentation/source/Tutorials/Advanced/Discovery-Server/Discovery-Server>` about how to configure and use *Discovery Server*.
```
